README.md, before:

# zshrc

Personalized configuration of `zsh`.

It has nothing really special about it. It was created as a personal repository to have everything ready to use for whenever we format our PCs. However, we figured it could be useful for more people because why the hell not.

Enjoy it!

* **Authors:** Igor Nunes, Pedro Cavaleiro
* **License:** [The Unlicense](LICENSE.md)


## Organization

The file `.zshrc` contains a small script that runs through the folder `.zshrc.d` in search of `*.zsh` files and runs them.

Each `*.zsh` file contains scripts for specific purposes.


## How to use

1. Add the last bit of the `.zshrc` to your own resource file (using any text editor of your choice, like `nano`, `vi` or even vscode):
   ```bash
   nano ~/.zshrc
   ```
2. Create the folder `zshrc.d` with the command:
   ```bash
   mkdir ~/.zshrc.d
   ```
3. Copy the `*.zsh` files you find useful to this folder.
4. Reload the configurations of the shell using:
   ```bash
   source ~/.zshrc
   ```
   If you already have the `zsh.zsh` file and it was **previously loaded**, you can use the command
   ```bash
   zshrc -r
   ```
   instead.


## Contribution

Anyone can contribute and/or fork from this repository.

**We invite you to contribute directly to this repository**, though, in order to mantain it as a centralized repo with plenty of options for everyone.

Create new `*.zsh` files to add to the `.zshrc.d` folder.

Commit message:

Added information about installation without clone

README.md, after:

# zshrc

Personalized configuration of `zsh`.

It has nothing really special about it. It was created as a personal repository to have everything ready to use for whenever we format our PCs. However, we figured it could be useful for more people because why the hell not.

Enjoy it!

* **Authors:** Igor Nunes, Pedro Cavaleiro
* **License:** [The Unlicense](LICENSE.md)


## Organization

The file `.zshrc` contains a small script that runs through the folder `.zshrc.d` in search of `*.zsh` files and runs them.

Each `*.zsh` file contains scripts for specific purposes.

## Installing without cloning

Installation without cloning the repository is available check the [releases]() tab to view the latest release or the [wiki](https://github.com/thoga31/zshrc/wiki/Installation) for a detailed information about the installation

## How to use

1. Add the last bit of the `.zshrc` to your own resource file (using any text editor of your choice, like `nano`, `vi` or even vscode):
   ```bash
   nano ~/.zshrc
   ```
2. Create the folder `zshrc.d` with the command:
   ```bash
   mkdir ~/.zshrc.d
   ```
3. Copy the `*.zsh` files you find useful to this folder.
4. Reload the configurations of the shell using:
   ```bash
   source ~/.zshrc
   ```
   If you already have the `zsh.zsh` file and it was **previously loaded**, you can use the command
   ```bash
   zshrc -r
   ```
   instead.


## Contribution

Anyone can contribute and/or fork from this repository.

**We invite you to contribute directly to this repository**, though, in order to mantain it as a centralized repo with plenty of options for everyone.

Create new `*.zsh` files to add to the `.zshrc.d` folder.
